সাইট খুঁজে না পেলে ব্রাউজারে লিখুন:
-=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
Excuse me, sir.
Please come.
The judge is here.
CR CASE NO 673/2021
[Tyagi] After viewing the evidence
and facts related to this case,
the court has arrived at a verdict.
Deepak Ahlawadi
is guilty.
In accordance
with IPC Sections 302 and 364,
the verdict will be announced
to the defendant.
In view of the gravity and seriousness
of this crime,
the prosecution appeals to the court that
this case
be treated as the rarest of rare cases,
milord.
And therefore Deepak Ahlawadi…
be given the death sentence.
[people murmuring]
[parent sobbing]
[lawyer] Your Honour,
Deepak is only 24 years old.
He has his whole life ahead of him--
[parent 2] And what about
the lives of my sons?
They were even younger than him.
The defense makes an appeal that
the culprit be granted a life sentence.
The court will take a short recess.
The verdict will be announced
this evening.
Adjourned.
- [Order] Looking good, sir.
- [Mintu] Turban is fine?
- Yeah, fine.
- Now spray me.
I wanna smell good.
Some more this side, spray me all over,
the back too.
Go for it, go for it.
But, Mintu bro?
- Yeah.
- How you gonna recognise Binu?
- I'll tell you what.
- Hmm.
Shut your eyes.
Done.
Now imagine the cutest girl in the world.
Go on.
- Can you see her?
- [sighs] I see her.
Oh, I am on cloud 9.
- But why would the world's cutest girl…
- Yeah?
…want to hang out with you?
Maybe not the cutest.
Why not?
Meet her and find out.
She could be the cutest girl in the world.
That's true.
[Munshi] So,
decided on a name for the chamber?
Mr Munshi, it's best if you decide.
We don't want to argue over it anymore.
Why not?
You are both partners now, aren't you?
But that's exactly why
we want you to decide,
whether it's Balli Negi & Associates
or Negi Balli & Associates.
Could you decide by this evening
and let us know?
[Munshi chuckles]
Just don't forget that
I am like a daughter to you.
- [chuckling continues]
- Sorry.
All right then, Mr Munshi.
I have a very important meeting to attend.
- All the best.
- See you later. Thank you, sir.
[Order] The cutest girl in the world!
Mr Munshi, I too have a meeting.
I am so cute. [giggles]
[Munshi] Okay.
[Ani whispering] Mr Banaspati,
please hide your armpits.
[groans]
Madam, who is this person
you're asking me to hide my armpits for?
[Ani] This is the in-house counsel
for Fire Clone Deodorant.
Venkat Balakrishnan.
He gets a very detailed account
of all inspection.
- [Vishwas] Ani.
- [Ani] Hmm?
He is on the job, our Shambhu Sherlock.
Are you sure this is gonna work?
I need to know what they're up to.
Ani, they say
monkeys have an excellent memory.
So if you want to know what's going on,
you better keep your ears to the ground.
[Nayana] Why are you settling, Mr Venkat?
We are clearly winning.
Are we?
Ananya has issued an inspection order
for the manufacturing plant.
It's not like we are hiding something.
[Nayana] Of course, sir.
I give you my word.
[Shambhu] Uh…
Give word.
Inspection never happened.
Okay. But there has been some recent
development which you should know about.
What happened to your excellent memory?
Can't your remember?
It's a buy-out.
Buy-out?
Bite.
Bite?
Now what could "bite" mean
in the middle of all this?
[Shambhu] What I heard
is what I'm telling you.
Don't ask me what it means. They are
big shots. They say what they like.
[chuckles] As she was leaving,
Nayana referred to Ani as a cat.
A cat?
Yeah. She said, she is a pussy.
A cat and pussy are the same thing, right?
How dare she call me a cat!
She is a cat. Her father is a cat.
Even her dog is a cat.
[Shambhu] Mm-hmm.
I'll make sure
the inspection happens today.
Binu,
I love you.
- Mintu.
- Yes.
You are an idiot.
- [tires screeching]
- [car horns honking]
No, I mean that's what Binu will say.
Why?
Dude, who says
"I love you" on the first date?
You daft or something?
First you talk to each other,
work up a rapport.
Then say "I love you". "I love you."
But we have already chatted so much
all through the night.
Once we get married we'll find out.
Bro, you're planning to talk marriage too?
Of course.
Hey, I am sorry, Mintu.
I mean I am really sorry.
I had no idea you were so serious.
Shall we try again?
- Let's do a better one.
- All right.
We'll do a better one, okay?
Binu,
will you marry me?
Mintu.
Yes?
- You are an absolute idiot.
- Binu would never say that.
No, no. Actually that's what I am saying.
Piss off!
Go and wait downstairs.
Screwed up my whole bloody mood, idiot,
talking such bullshit.
Fine. I'll go and wait downstairs.
That's just what Binu is gonna say.
[Ani] There's only one way we can
win this case for Banaspati, Vishwas.
[Vishwas] Now what options
do we have left?
Ani, where have you brought me to?
Well Tricks Manufacturing and Packaging.
They are the contract manufacturers
for Fire Clone.
Yes, that's all very well.
But what's the plan?
Vishwas,
when all the options are exhausted,
what do journalists do?
They become sell-outs.
The ones that don't sell out,
what do they do?
They end up in jail.
Sting, Vishwas.
Sting.
- A pen with a hidden camera?
- Mm-hmm.
We're going on behalf
of Dalival Consumer Products.
[clears throat]
Hi. I am Falguni Dalival.
NRI. Founder.
Hi.
I am Balvindar Pratap Singh Oberoi.
Co-founder.
Hi. I am Balvindar Pratap.
Regional Manager.
I'm liaison agent, Ballu. Okay?
Ballu.
Hang on a minute.
What if we get caught?
We need like a code or something,
some… some kind of secret signal.
[sucks teeth]
Hmm. Nice. Nice.
[sucks teeth] We'll do it twice.
[sucks teeth]
This is nice.
Your Honour, take a look at this.
The State of Orissa vs Mukesh Bhan.
This case was the first time the offender
was given the death sentence,
as per section 302.
Your Honour, that crime was
far more brutal compared to this.
In that case,
both kids were under the age of 13.
And in this case, one kid was 16.
So we pardon him?
Mr PP you know quite well what I meant.
But that's just how the law perceives it.
[scoffs]
The law also perceives that
the crime was pre-meditated.
Deepak planned everything
before he went there.
Sir, by virtue
of being a Public Prosecutor,
it is my duty
to appeal for the death sentence.
But in this case,
by virtue of being a common citizen,
I make the same appeal.
Whatever Deepak has done,
society will never forgive him for it.
Never.
Ah…
You leave the files here with me,
I'll take a look.
- Yes, Your Honour. Sure.
- Yes, Your Honour.
Mintu.
Mintu, I'm sorry.
Uh…
I'm Binu.
Hey. Sujata, you here?
[chuckles]
How come?
I love this place.
Uh… Uh…
[person] Hi!
- How are you?
- [person 2] Good. How are you?
I am good.
Uh… Sorry. Uh…
- Hi!
- I, uh…
I'm waiting for Binu actually.
[Mintu] Mm-hmm.
- You're all dolled up today.
- [chuckles]
- You have an important client meeting?
- Yeah.
But, uh…
I just got a message from him.
He's tied up somewhere. So,
I'll see you back at the chamber later?
Uh… Sujata, listen.
Um…
I had told Binu that when we meet,
we'll exchange our favourite things
with each other.
My favourite is this dessert. Um…
Do you think she will find it weird?
Uh… Why weird?
The thing is Order was telling me
you cant offer home made dessert
when you go on a date.
But that dessert, you made it yourself?
[chuckles]
I am sure she'll love it.
Your… Binu, I mean.
Wow. Only two kinds of people give
an advance in the first meeting.
They are either scammers
or industrialists.
And Ms Falguni,
one look at you and I can tell
you're a daughter of an industrialist.
So, shall we?
What?
Uh… I mean plant.
- I'll show you the plant.
- Yeah.
- [chuckling]
- Absolutely.
- Shall we?
- That's cool.
By the way, Ms Falguni,
are you a pure NRI?
- Pure.
- I see.
So was my ex.
By the way, before you understand
what your own requirements are,
you need to understand the requirements
of the average Indian customer.
Sure.
Do you know what is the one thing
they require most?
Price.
Vishwas.
[stammering] Ballu.
Ballu? Vishwas.
[stammers]
Vishwas the hindi word for trust?
Correct. Trust.
And how do we gain people's trust?
Um… By delivering quality products?
No, no, no. Not quality products my dear.
All failed businesses make this mistake.
See, you don't need to deliver quality.
You just need to promise to deliver it.
Trust is gained from packaging.
Dump anything at all in the product.
Just make sure you package it well.
[Ani] But that's
kind of like horrible advice.
If you just put anything in it,
then why would customers buy it?
- So cute, Ma'am. So cute.
- Thank you.
Tell me one thing.
Customers buy bread, right?
Absolutely.
Check this out.
\Grains of wheat, A pretty smiling face.
And "whole wheat bread" written
in big bold letters.
That's it! You've won their trust.
Who is gonna check what's actually in it?
What is in it?
Refined flour.
- What?
- Brown wheat is just 25%.
- And 25% doesn't make the grade.
- [chuckles]
You mean everyday I am having
refined flour bread with my fruit jam?
Jam!
And fruits in the
- packaging.
- Packaging!
But isn't this illegal? We can't
be lying to our customers like this.
But who says we're lying?
Everything is mentioned
on the label here.
Oh, God. I've never read this.
- No one bothers, sir. No one reads it.
- [mumbles]
The word customer itself has the word
"cursed" in it.
They only read the MRP
and expiry date, isn't it?
And you don't tamper with those I hope.
No, no. That's completely illegal.
We have some principles.
Principles cost more.
They're expensive.
Come this way.
I'll show you what else we've got.
They're cheating us.
Vishwas, can you please leave the jam?
Get over it.
- Come!
- How can you…
In character, please.
\Come, come. These are all
expired products being loaded.
\Please.
\- Come on, guys. Buck up, buck up. Move it.
- [mouthing]
\- Come on guys, hurry up.
- [Ani clears throat]
\Faster, faster. Yes, move it. Good job.
\[sucking teeth]
\[sucking continues]
\Excuse me?
\Sorry I thought you were… [chuckles]
\…what I was trying to say was
\all Fire Clone's expired goods
are sold by us.
\[Ani] Oh!
\Madam, in the market,
\the very best low quality products,
only people like us will buy.
\- Yeah, that's pretty obvious. Of course.
- [chuckles]
\- That's what we wanted to hear, Mr Rajesh.
- Thank you. Thank you. Any time.
\- [Ani] Uh… Ballu.
- Hmm?
\- Send him a request for quotation.
- Of course, Ma'am.
\- Thank you.
- Hey. But wait.
\At least take my card, ma'am.
\- Lovely! Thank you so much.
- And may I have your number if you…
\I left my phone at the office.
Can you give me a missed call?
\[stammering] My phone is not working.
So it's fine.
\No, no, no. Don't worry.
I'll write down my number for you. Uh…
\Ballu, pen.
Downloaded from -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
- [sucking teeth]
- Pen.
Uh… [chuckles]
Ballu.
Ballu, the pen.
- Hey, I'm just asking for your pen.
- No, no.
Why are you acting so weird?
Sir!
Sir, that's not a pen, sir.
Sir, I'm not a professional, sir.
I've never carried out a sting operation
in my life.
Sir, these guys won't beat me up, I hope.
- Vishwas!
- Yes. Of course they will…
- Vishwas.
- Why this?
It's my first time, sir.
That's why I messed up.
Vishwas, stop it.
Ask him. Why is he… Ma'am.
\TRUTH ALONE TRIUMPHS
[Munshi] Your Honour.
Our justice system believes
only in reform,
not in punishment.
In that case,
no one should get the death sentence.
Everyone should get a chance at reform.
Of course, they should.
But the justice system also believes
that sometimes,
in the rarest of rare cases,
the possibility of change is impossible.
The culprit is beyond reform.
And it's in
society's best interest that he…
[Topo] No, Mr Munshi.
Who are we to decide who is beyond reform
and should be given the death sentence?
And what is beyond reform mean anyway?
How can anyone decide that
so-and-so is beyond reform?
He is never going to improve?
I believe in a justice system that's
over and above ours.
According to which, the right
to give or take a life lies only with Him.
[fading] These decisions are not
for us to take.
We are mere mortals, Your Honour.
Eat something, Son.
Try and eat something at least.
[sniffles]
I made a terrible mistake, Mom.
[sobbing]
I don't know what's going to
happen to me now.
[officer] Does he have regrets
over what he has done?
He cries sometimes.
But he is also very hot-tempered.
He has sent three prisoners
to hospital already.
And a guard too.
Any diagnosis of mental disorder
during his counselling?
Sir, the psychiatrist's report says
he is mentally stable.
All right.
Your Honour.
I have been working as a prison guard
for 30 years.
So far I haven't met anyone
who is completely bad.
If you observe a criminal
when he is with his mother,
he's as human as any of us.
So if you are looking for
some kind of stamp
or some kind of character certificate
that can guarantee that
Deepak is beyond reform,
I don't think you will find it.
[Munshi] Your Honour.
What you need now is not advice.
What you need is someone to guide you.
There is someone who comes to mind,
who can do this for you.
If you agree, I can talk to him.
Please come to the hearing, Mr Venkat.
I assure you we have something
worth celebrating, sir.
Yes! I'll see you.
[Vishwas] No, no, no.
I cannot believe this.
Am I very lucky or are you very dumb?
Nayana, Fire Clone is
selling expired products.
You can't hide the truth for much longer.
- May the truth prevail.
- The truth may prevail, dear Ani.
And in your case, it may never.
Trespassing private property,
impersonation, recording without consent.
If this goes to court,
you are going to be so…
Go ahead.
I'm not scared of losing my bar license.
I know.
- But what about Mr Court Manager here?
- I'm scared.
- Really?
- Mmm.
- Being a government servant,
you carry out a sting operation
in a private case?
- Ms Nayana.
- She's a bad influence on you.
Ms Nayana, I know.
My engagement just broke off.
Of course, that can be fixed.
But once you lose a government job,
that can never be fixed.
So please can you forget it?
- Keep him out of this, I'm warning you.
- Yes, keep me out of this.
Well, that depends on you.
You will have to admit defeat
in front of everyone in court.
And you will have to testify that
you took on this case only for money
and publicity.
Please.
Fine.
And you, come with me.
Sorry, Ma'am.
I was just trying to explain that…
I couldn't stop myself.
But I was the one who caught them.
I discovered the pen.
Fire Clone should hear
nothing about all this.
- Why?
- Because there's been a development.
Not a soul should hear.
[phone buzzes]
[Law] Mintu sir is not taking my calls.
Get him to call me.
- I can't do it, man.
- Look, Order.
This file has to get to the High Court.
Please get him to call me. It's urgent.
I just told you I can't do it.
He's in a shit mood.
Looks like he's even crying.
- He's crying?
- He's mixed up with that bloody chick.
They were chatting online.
She didn't show up on their date.
What chick?
Listen, I can't tell you anything, bro.
And how will it help
knowing her name is Binu Bindra?
Mr Banaspati is losing
because of his lawyer.
[Vishwas] No, Ani, that's not true at all.
There's just one thing
I don't really understand.
The recording is with Nayana.
If you open your mouth,
you're gonna lose your job.
I may have already lost my job.
Then why isn't she telling the client
about the sting?
Bite.
Didn't he say something about a bite?
That's where the catch is.
Hey, Shambhu. Why don't you try
and remember his exact words?
Mmm…
Bro.
"Bi" was definitely in it.
Bi…
Biceps.
- Bisexual!
- Nope.
Sujata, you had told me once that
if I use tricks, I could win the case.
- [Vishwas] Bison.
- [Shambhu] Uh-uh.
I've tried everything, and here we are,
by guessing.
[Vishwas] Bailababa. Bailamos.
I too am caught
in a jam trying tricks, Ani.
[Vishwas] Bye, dude.
Why?
What happened?
[Vishwas] Bi… By-product.
Bi… Bicycle.
Mm-mmm.
Bypass?
- [Ani] Enough. Can you stop it, Vishwas?
- [Shambhu] No.
We're out of options, okay?
Yeah!
It was something like that,
what you said just now.
We are out option. Out!
- Be-out!
- Be-out?
- [Vishwas] Be-out…
- Buy-out!
- Ah, yes.
Buy-out! Buy-out! Buy-out!
Fire Clone is being bought by someone.
That's why the inspection was cancelled.
If the expired products issue is leaked
in the market,
then their deal will get screwed.
Very true. Yeah, yeah.
- That's why Venkat was panicking.
- Yes!
Yeah…
And Sujata, you've always said,
"If the client's in a panic,
he won't even listen to his lawyer."
That's why Nayana didn't mention
the sting operation to him…
[chuckles]
Because she's willing to do anything
to defeat Ani.
Of course.
You still have some tricks
up your sleeve, sister!
- [Vishwas clears throat]
- Reason, reward, ragging are done.
Rule. Divide and rule.
Use it to split up Nayana and her client.
Ballu.
Get a notice ready.
How dare you send us a legal notice,
Mr Venkat?
You betray our principles
then slap a case against us?
Case? What case?
This way, sir.
I see. You think I'm a fool.
Don't try and sell me
your fake innocence, okay?
Sir, you're betraying us
because of a sting operation?
We trust you, and this is how you operate?
Sting operation?
Oh, come on. Cut the drama, sir.
[line clicks]
Let's go, sir.
Was there a sting operation today?
Who told you?
Why didn't you tell me this?
You're well aware
there's a buy-out negotiation on.
This can't come out.
It won't, sir. It won't.
Nayana, now listen to me.
We have to put an end to this case
right now. I can't take this stress.
That's impossible, sir,
because that Banaspati guy doesn't want
to settle, and I'm sure of that.
[Banaspati] Miss Nayana.
Maybe my hands are outstretched,
but certainly not for begging.
[chuckles] For your sake, I agreed
to settle for 50 grand instead of 500.
You want a settlement?
Wanted,
but not anymore.
Now whatever happens will happen in here.
- And it will sting.
- [Ani clears throat]
[Banaspati] Ah… Come come, Miss Ani.
These guys have started panicking already.
[Nayana] He's bluffing, sir. They had
only one recording device on them,
and it is now safely in Rajesh's custody.
You want me to trust you now?
Sir, as your lawyer I intentionally
withheld the sting information from you
because it does not change anything.
Trust me, sir. Ani's going to admit defeat
on her own today.
[Vishwas] Hey,
I like your shades, man. Nice.
They're bluffing, sir.
[door opens]
[Bhandari] Please sit. You may sit.
- Banaspati versus Fire Clone Deodorant.
- Hey.
She'll do the talking!
Yes, Miss Ananya. Go ahead!
Uh… So Your Honour…
Your Honour,
- I would like to say something!
- What are you doing? Please sit down, sir!
I am handling this.
Mr Banaspati here has placed charges
of corporate fraud against our company,
which we are not in agreement with.
But yes,
we have also been a little careless.
What are you doing, sir?
You are no more our lawyer.
We discovered some lapses
in our manufacturing.
We'll address them immediately.
But all the faulty deodorants found
have been recalled.
And we are willing
to compensate Mr Banaspati.
Compensation amount, Mr Venkat?
Well,
[clears throat]
Uh…
- We agree to their demands!
- You can ask for lot more,
- these guys are loaded!
- [Bhandari] Good! That's settled!
Miss Ananya you have won the case.
- Dismissed!
- [gavel raps]
Ma'am, didn't you tell me
you had deleted that account?
Yeah, yeah. I was about to do it.
Then, uh…
Things got a little more serious
with Mintu.
That means you have feelings for Mintu--
You're asking for a slap.
Yes.
So why didn't you go meet him then? Ma'am!
I did go.
Then I thought, "What do I say?"
This was initially about a name
for the chamber.
But now you and I…
I understand that, ma'am.
But now you've made a mistake.
You might as well own up to him.
[clicks tongue] This partnership's
finally working out.
He'll never be able to trust me again.
If he hates Binu Bindra,
I'm good with that.
But I won't let him hate Sujata.
Why don't you at least tell him that
Binu Bindra won't be coming?
The poor guy's still waiting for you.
[Mintu] Hey, are you on your way?
Are you stuck in traffic?
I'd ordered some coffee for you.
I'm waiting.
Binu, you're coming, right?
Binu, I ordered another coffee for you.
You're coming, right?
Binu, I've been waiting two hours now.
[Munshi] Sujata!
Yes, Mr Munshi?
I have got some designs here
for nameplates.
This is not because
you are like a daughter to me.
You've earned it.
Well done.
Visheshwar,
yes or no is not for me to say.
No one else can decide for you.
This is something you will have
to judge for yourself.
I can't do it, Dad.
Sit, sit.
Look at this. Instead of writing
the victim's name here,
why do they always write state?
Because the crime is committed not just
towards the victim but society also.
That's why the state fights the case.
Have you wondered why in this country,
in every court, every day,
all of society comes to seek justice?
Why?
Because it has full faith that
whatever verdict the judge sitting
on that bench is about to deliver
will be a just verdict.
The judge is also a part of that society.
Who is he to make a decision like this?
It's because that chair
demands that he do it.
Visheshwar,
though you are part of society…
you will have to go beyond it.
So that every decision you make
will be for the benefit of society.
Therefore, before you enter court,
you must leave yourself outside.
All your personal ideals
and principles you hold on to,
all your emotions
have no place on that chair.
ভুয়া লিংক এড়িয়ে চলুন — অফিসিয়াল: -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
So…
you think I'm capable of that, sir?
Son,
for a warrior, the battlefield is
his biggest testing ground.
Out on that field…
the weight of the weapon
will tell you itself
whether you'll be able
to carry it again or not.
This court
pronounces Deepak Ahlawadi
guilty for the murder
of Prateek Meher and Udit Meher…
and awards him the death sentence.
To be hanged…
till death.
Visheshwar.
Dad, uh…
It was very heavy.
Will you be able to carry it again?
Dad, he was…
he was just 24 years old.
He was… He was only 24 years old, Dad.
Only 24 years old, just a boy.
I can't do this.
I'm not fit for that chair, Dad.
I'm not…
[crying]
[Sujata] Mintu.
Don't you want to check
whose chamber it is before you enter?
[Mintu] Mr Munshi,
mine.
Order, my friend.
Take a pic, man.
- Ma'am, you join him too.
- Hey. No, no.
- Come join me, Sujata.
- No, no. It's okay.
- Come on. Come.
- Join him, ma'am. Join him.
[Munshi] Go on.
Ready?
[shutter clicks]
Sujata, Ani just won her first case!
[Sujata] Wow, Ani!
[no audible dialogue]
DISTRICT COURT,
PATPARGANJ, DELHI
[phone chimes, buzzes]
\PLEASE SEND $2100.
\[Banaspati] Ivanka. My bride to be!
Hmm…
She's even learning Hindi for me.
[laughing]
Send 2,100 please.
- She's got you by your armpits, buddy.
- [clicks tongue]
Why should only Binu like the dessert?
I could like it too, couldn't I?
[chuckles]
[Mintu] You really like it?
Your Honour?
Could you guys make some room
on this nameplate for one more name?
Balli, Negi…
Tyagi and associates.
Tyagi, you quit the judges chair?
[Banaspati] Wow.
Milord's become a lawyer again.